# Splatnet API Documentation: Timeline Endpoint

Things to remember in general for this API

- Requests require Authentication in the form of a cookie. To provide it to the server, pass the cookie in a header called "Cookie", formated "iksm_token={cookie}".
- Nintendo sends the user's unique id with every request. It does not seem to impact responses, however it is probably best to follow Nintendo's example. This unique id can be found in the Timeline and Records endpoints.
- It should go without saying that requests should be HTTPS requests, they will not go through otherwise.
- The base url to use to get access to the Splatnet API is "https://app.splatoon2.nintendo.net"

## /api/timeline Endpoint
This endpoint requires only the user's cookie. It is suggested to also provide the user's unique id. The timeline endpoint returns a json file. It seems to contain the information Nintendo uses in their home screen.
### Format
#### onlineshop
This field contains the information on the oldest item in Annie's shop.
  ##### importance
  This field seems to contain a value used to determine the position on the screen the item will be in the Official app.
  It is stored as a decimal between 1 and 0
  ##### mechandise
  This field contains the oldest item in Annie's shop
    ###### end_time
    This field contains the time in seconds when the merch will become expired.
    ###### price
    This field contains the price of the merch, which is a whole number.
    ###### id
    This field contains the id of the merch. This is a sizable number and is probably best to read as a string, as it is used to order items
    ###### gear
    This field contains the gear that is being sold
      ####### id
      This field contains the id of the gear being sold. This id is unique among gear of a similar kind.
      ####### kind
      This field contains the kind of the gear being sold. This can either be "head","clothes", or "shoes".
      ####### name
      This field contains the name of the gear being sold. This is stored as a string.
      ####### thumbnail
      This field contains the rest of the url of the location of a thumbnail of the gear. Concat this to the base url to get the full location. Stored as a string
      ####### image
      This field contains the rest of the url of the location of an image of the gear. Concat this to the base url to get the full location. Stored as a string
      ####### rarity
      This field contains the number of slots the gear has. This is stored as a integer
      ####### brand
      This field contains the brand of the gear
        ######## id
        This field contains the unique id of the brand
        ######## name
        This field contains the name of the brand, stored as a string
        ######## image
        This field contains the rest of the url of the location of the brand logo. Concat this to the base url to get the full path. This is stored as a string
      ######## frequent_skill
      This field contains the skill that is frequently rolled on a brand
        ######### id
        This field contains the unique id of a skill
        ######### name
        This field contains the name of a skill
        ######### image
    This field contains the rest of the url of the location of the skill icon. This does not include the black background. Concat this to the base url to get the full path. This is stored as a string
    ###### skill
    This field contains the skill on the gear being sold
    ####### id
    This field contains the id of the skill
    ####### name
    This field contains the name of the skill
    ####### image
    This field contains the rest of the url of the location of the skill icon. This does not include the black background. Concat this to the base url to get the full path. This is stored as a string

